What the hell is this?
George Group
The best data you can come up with
Is it Qiao Qinghe's private photo?
The Joe's Group
It's not obvious that Mr. Li is free, this is
What a shame to throw it home
Hey don't say
Qiao Qinghe's photos
She's really pretty.
Qinghe has been our best friend for so many years
I didn't expect you to have this skill
How could this be?
Qiao Weiwei
Why did you do it?
Is this the surprise you were talking about?
I have carefully selected photos
Sister, look how nice I am to you.
Are you surprised?
Is it surprising?
You are so despicable
Hmph, so what?
I declare
The last company that Dawan Group won the bidding was
Xu Aoyu